Python Exploitation Framework
-----------------------------

Description:
    Having to download files onto a target machine can be both annoying and undesirable as it
    leaves potential evidence for forensic investigators and risks activating antivirus programs
    running on the machine. To attempt to mitigate these issues I propose a command line 
    post exploitation framework that can be loaded into from a remote https repository using a single
    concise bash command, provides natively a sophisticated suite of post exploitation tools
    for enumeration and priv-esc and gives the user the ability to download and run any other python
    script that the user desires from their remote machine while also remaining totally in memory.
    The framework will also permit easy addition of novel tools via modularity.


Generic Classes:
    Terminal - Class instantiated on load, provides command line functionality, motd etc.
    BaseModule - A generic parent class that provides default module functionality 
        Exploit - A generic class designed to provide functionality that attempts priv-esc exploitation
        Enumerate - A generic class designed to scan the host for Priv-Esc vulnerablities or
                    to scan remote hosts for the purpose of pivoting.
        Exfiltrate - A generic class for data exfiltration
    External - A class to handle the download and execution of remote python scripts

Initial Classes:
    SuidEnum - a class that scans the file system for suid binaries and searches for known exploits on gtfo bins
    SuidExploit - a class that acts as suid enum but actually attempts to exploit the vulnerabilities found
    SudoEnum - scans the machine for known sudo misconfigurations and unpatched CVEs
    SudoExploit - as with sudoenum but attempts to exploit vulenerabilties
    PortEnum - a simple port scanner
    DNSExfil - a module that lets users exfiltrate data to a remote host using DNS queries

1. Define Base Classes
2. Write basic terminal interface
3. Write external module
4. Write 3 Children of Base
5. Write up initial classes
